A project involving the analysis of about approximately 30,000 kickstarter campaigns. The initial goal was an attempt to predict the outcome of a campaign (successful or failure) based on the data we had. We analyzed success percentages within the categories provided (technology, art, etc.) and found that film/video was the most frequent category but had the lowest success rate, while dance had the least campaigns and actually managed to obtain the highest success rate. This may have hinted at a possible inverse relationship between campaign frequency and success within the categories.

Along the way, we formulated more questions in an attempt to guide us to our final question - why were certain categories more successful? Does the oversaturation in one category cause other campaigns to be overshadowed? Unfortunately, we may have either been a little too ambious in attempting to predict success, or short on time, so we seemed to gloss over these questions. A more in depth analysis would appreciate having statistics about how monetary goals were distributed within categories. Additionally, these models have a fatal flaw: the year, and for some, the backers are included as predictors. Using the year as a predictor doesn't translate very well in the real world. If a campaign is more likely to be succesful in 2012 than 2015, well, it can't be posted in 2015.

Trying to predict the success of a campaign turned out to be quite fruitless, as the models that did well only did so due to the number of backers being used as a predictor. This number is always going to be zero at the start of a campaign. Essentially, we used a response variable as a predictor, rendering the model useless in the real world. Even with the number of backers excluded, we kept the year, which also interfers with accurate predictions.

Despite this being my first real project in data science started from (nearly) scratch, besides the lack of data extraction, I cannot help but look back with major hindsight. However, the flaws of the models, along with the lack of more thorough EDA, are still very important lessons that I consider when working on datasets.
